Let's make a set of HTML websites using PHP and databases.

The general objective of this is to increase efficiency of the workflow of getting a pass for a student to go to the media center during study hall.

This is how the workflow should go:

Form opens manually or automatically at pre-set time -> Form (for student to fill out) -> Email student with autogenerated pass -> Form shuts down at predetermined time or on command -> Email teachers daily with list of students approved to go to media center

The librarian of the media center should have discretion over everything.
She needs a login to access admin pages to do the following:
- Adjust the time of the automatic opening/closing of the Form
- Adjust between manual or automatic opening/closing of Form
- Adjust between manual or automatic approval of pass email sending (meaning the email for pass automatically sends directly to student after student submits form, or after student submits form the pass becomes pending and all passes send upon approval)
- Ability to remove student or add student to pass list before manual widespread pass sending out to students
- Ability to look at passes/pass lists from the past
    - When students submit the form, these rows in the database should be persistent, enabling the librarian to go back and look at previous passes for data

There should either be a new table every day, week or month, helping to divide the form submissions. You decide which makes the most sense from a storage and efficiency standpoint. Regardless of what you chose, these tables should automatically create based off of the day, week, month, etc.

The form should have the following entries:
---
First Name/Nombre (short answer)
*
Last Name/Apellido (short answer)
*
This form collected the email account you're signed into. Your pass will be emailed to you.
Este formulario recopiló la cuenta de correo electrónico en la que inició sesión.  Su pase será enviado a esta dirección.
Study Hall Teacher Name/Nombre de Maestro (short answer)
These passes are ONLY for students in Study Hall.
Estos pases son sólo para estudiantes en Study Hall.
*
Confirm you are requesting the correct Mod. This is NOT for your lunch period. Those passes are given in person at Mrs. Hansen's desk in the library. (multiple choice)
*
Mod 1
What activity will you be doing today? (checkboxes)
*
Studying/ estudiando
Workiing on a project/Trabajando en un proyecto
Reading/leyendo
Meeting tutor/teacher/Trabajando con un profesor
Other
Agreement of behavior and activity
Acuerdo de comportamiento y actividad.
I understand and agree that Library Study Hall is a QUIET space for STUDYING, READING, Meeting with a Peer Tutor/Teacher. 
If I am asked to leave, or I lose Library Study Hall privileges for violating the rules of Library Study Hall, I will go directly back to my classroom.  

Entiendo que la sala de estudio de la biblioteca es para trabajar o leer en silencio. 
Si me piden que me vaya, o pierdo los privilegios del Salón de Estudio de la Biblioteca por violar las reglas del Salón de Estudio de la Biblioteca, volveré directamente con mi Maestro. 

Check off that you understand and agree below.

I understand and agree to the above (checkbox)
*
Yes